[DOCS] Adds example of assigning roles in Reporting (#52757)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/security/reporting.asciidoc

<<using-kibana-with-security,set up {kib} to work with {security}>>.
If you are automatically generating reports with
{ref}/xpack-alerting.html[{watcher}], you also need to configure {watcher}
to trust the {kib} server's certificate. 
////
For more information, see
<<securing-reporting>>.
////

[[reporting-app-users]]
To enable users to generate reports, you must assign them the built-in `reporting_user`
role.  Users will also need the appropriate <<kibana-privileges, {kib} privileges>> to access the objects 
to report on and the {es} indices.

==== If you are using the `native` realm

You can assign roles through the

> *Management* app in Kibana or with the {ref}/security-api-put-user.html[user API]. 

Reviewer: The `user API` phrase links away from the page, but it really seems relevant to a block of text below on the same page, that starts with `This example uses the user API to create a user...`

This example shows how to use *Management* to create a user who has a custom role and the 
`reporting_user` role.

. Go to *Management > Roles*, and click *Create role*.
  
. Give the new role a name, for example, `custom_reporting_user`.

. Specify the indices and privileges.
+
Access to data is an index-level privilege, so in *Create role*, 
add a line for each index that contains the data for the report and give each 
index `read` and `view_index_metadata` privileges.
For more information, see {ref}/security-privileges.html[Security privileges]. 
+
[role="screenshot"]
image::user/security/images/reporting-privileges-example.png["Reporting privileges"]

. Add space privileges.
+
Reporting users typically save searches, create 
visualizations, and build dashboards. They require a space 
that provides read and write privileges in
*Discover*, *Visualize*, and *Dashboard*.

. Save your new role.

. Create a user account with the proper roles.
+
Go to *Management > Users*, add a new user, and assign the user the built-in 
`reporting_user` role and your new custom role, `custom_reporting_user`.

> This example uses the `user` API to create a user who has the

Reviewer: This section on creating a native realm user with the API seems like it should have a header. 

Can the above link with the `user API` text link to this section?

Perhaps the outward-directing link that goes to `security-api-put-user` could be moved down to here?

}
---------------------------------------------------------------

> ==== If you are using an LDAP or Active Directory realm

Reviewer 2: I'm guessing when this was originally written, that Kibana only supported LDAP and Active Directory outside of the built-in `native` realm. We have support for a few other external identity providers now, like `SAML`, `OIDC`, `Kerberos`, and `PKI`. All of these providers would require role mappings instead of the traditional user-role assignment.

What do you think about something like:
```suggestion
==== If you are using an external identity provider, such as LDAP or Active Directory
```

You can either assign
roles on a per user basis, or assign roles to groups of users. By default, role
mappings are configured in

> {ref}/mapping-roles.html[`config/shield/role_mapping.yml`].

Reviewer 2: Note to future me and future you:

https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/52559 is introducing a UI to manage role mappings, so when the time comes, we can link there instead of promoting the file-based role mapping mechanism.
